Spring Festival is one of the most important festival in China when family go back to see each other and gather together from all over the country to celebrate the festival, having dinner together and wait for the new year to come. It is like the Christmas here. This audio sound is a record of I going back home at the Spring Festival day which is include a record sound of walking back home and open the door with my keys, walking in to my roonm laying on the bed recalling the fireworks that I set with my family last year, missing my parents. And then, I decide to make a phone call to my parents, where you would hear a sound of phone ring and my parents pick up. We express our greetings, care, and New Year's wishes to each other.my family call includes my mother, my dad and my aunt. We also talks abl=out what they are eat when we call such as tea cake and chopped chili fish head, which are common dishes Chinese people love to eat during the Spring Festival.
/n
This draft noe is still a little  rough. Some part of the sounds still not connect will. and the sound is a little too long. It is difficult to distinguish from the previous event, such as walking, to the beginning of watching video memories, where the audiance may be weird what is records in the sound. And it is hard to express that I was lookig at the video that is recorded last year and express thtat I was recalling my memmory missing my family. What the audiance may get is only a sound of firework.
/n
Later,I will add backgroud sound to the phone call records to highlight the atmosphere of celebrating the new year, adding some elements of traditional Chinese culture if possible. Find a way to make the records of the fireworks more close t expressing that I was recalling the time I used to spend with my family last year. Make the connection of different part more real, more natural.